Update working-with-design.md (#1951)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/company/working-with-design.md

1. What do you need designed and why?
1. What is the deadline?

> **When looping in design, be sure to reference a GitHub issue so we have full context of the problem.** Threads should primarily be kept on GitHub. (If an Issue is time-sensitive, please be sure to add in the deadline date to the [PostHog Content Calendar](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-6QYxi46d5y88BQ8vdGWmgrFZBbCMs1CAIc5JGLuf4Y/edit#gid=482712771).)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**When looping in design, be sure to reference a GitHub issue so we have full context of the problem.** Threads should primarily be kept on GitHub. If an Issue is time-sensitive, please be sure to add in a requested deadline date.
```
